TINY-9310: fix placing of caret after `disableCaretContainer` (#8703)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Deleting formatted content and then press space and then digit a test places the space at the end of the content. TINY-9310

Reviewer: I can see that the real bug was the space inserted at the wrong place, but I think we keep the changelog (and eventual release notes) much more simple and focused on what the user thinks happened.
```suggestion
- Typing after deleting formatted content could remove a space at the start of the typing. TINY-9310
```
